c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame2\WindowsGame2\WindowsGame2\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Paddle.xnb
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame2\WindowsGame2\WindowsGame2\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Ball.xnb
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame2\WindowsGame2\WindowsGame2\bin\x86\Debug\WindowsGame2.exe
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame2\WindowsGame2\WindowsGame2\bin\x86\Debug\WindowsGame2.pdb
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame2\WindowsGame2\WindowsGame2\bin\x86\Debug\FarseerPhysicsXNA.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame2\WindowsGame2\WindowsGame2\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame2\WindowsGame2\WindowsGame2\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame2\WindowsGame2\WindowsGame2\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame2\WindowsGame2\WindowsGame2\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame2\WindowsGame2\WindowsGame2\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame2\WindowsGame2\WindowsGame2\bin\x86\Debug\FarseerPhysicsXNA.pdb
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame2\WindowsGame2\WindowsGame2\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame2\WindowsGame2\WindowsGame2\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame2\WindowsGame2\WindowsGame2\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame2\WindowsGame2\WindowsGame2\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame2\WindowsGame2\WindowsGame2\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame2\WindowsGame2\WindowsGame2\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsGame2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame2\WindowsGame2\WindowsGame2\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame2\WindowsGame2\WindowsGame2\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsGame2.exe
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame2\WindowsGame2\WindowsGame2\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsGame2.pdb
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame2\WindowsGame2\WindowsGame2\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Pongfont.xnb
